- Oh, God, I thought
we were gonna have more time.
True love requires great risk,
so I'm willing to take
that leap of faith.
- Just four days ago,
ten singles
put their faith in the experts
in order to find love.
- You are beautiful.
- They married as
complete strangers.
[cheers and applause]
- Your girl is officially
off the market.
- ♪ In my mind, made it up ♪
- Last time, they began
their honeymoons together.
[cork pops]
- [yelps]
♪ Someday ♪
- Noi and Steve.
- I'd fallen in love once
in my whole life
and I feel like
it's happening again.
- ♪ In my mind, yeah ♪
- Katina and Olajuwon.
- I promise to be
the best husband.
I promise to be
honest and truthful.
God brought us to this.
- He'll get us through this.
Both: Amen.
This is everything
that I dreamed of!
♪ ♪
- Alyssa and Chris.
- I really do think
you're just a cool person.
- I just want to come off
as united
'cause, like,
no matter the way we feel,
the experts
just didn't do this right.
- Jasmina and Michael.
- If I'm being honest,
I expect you
to talk to me respectfully.
- It's never, like, intentional
for me to sound, like,
abrasive or aggressive.
So it is something
I'm working on.
- I appreciate you
for saying that.
I just have to believe
what you say
until I see differently.
[dramatic music]
- Lindsey and Mark.
- I don't want to get
too, too lovey-dovey
because we literally just met,
and there's so many things
that are going on and
it has to flow organically.
- Why would we have
consummated our marriage?
Like, come on dude,
you're so stupid.
Ugh.
♪ Oh, live a little louder ♪
♪ Oh, laugh a little longer ♪
- Tonight, our couples
enjoy the final few days
of their honeymoon
in this tropical paradise.
- Doing a little exploring
here in old San Juan.
- Before they have to return
to the real world.
- I feel like
it's about to get real.
- Just relax,
the horse knows, it--
It's been trained, dude.
- Okay.
- If the horse
wanted to throw you,
it would've threw you
all the way back there.
- Ooh, you're about
to piss me off.
- I won't stop living my life
because my wife
isn't comfortable.
- I don't really like this, so--
I don't like where
this is going.
I'm a good person
and if I don't come off
that way on this show,
I'm gonna be [bleep] pissed.
- I think you should
just cut your loss.
- I am either all in
or all out.
- You wanna talk to him?
- No, I do not
want to talk to him.
I hate him.
- ♪ It's all or nothing ♪
- This is
"Married at First Sight."
- ♪ There's no other way ♪
♪ It's all or nothing ♪
- ♪ Look in my cloudy eyes ♪
♪ I never wake up on time ♪
- Morning!
- Morning,
good morning, good morning!
- He actually woke up
with me today.
He didn't go to the gym.
- Nope.
[clears throat]
I figured it would be important
to have my wife wake up
with me beside her
instead of me walking back into
the room sweaty, so...
- Good morning.
- We are outside
enjoying this view.
- Our five couples
are now on day five
of their honeymoon,
and while some of the newlyweds
have started creating
immediate and powerful
connections,
others have hit a few
bumps in the road.
- Alyssa has been distant,
hasn't talked to me,
doesn't approach me at all
off-camera to talk to me.
She wants me to act "husbandly"
and is doing everything she can
to get out of being a wife.
- So it's another day
in paradise.
Hopefully today is a good day
and we can all enjoy it.
And yeah.
Trying to keep my head up.
Trying to "stay in the game."
[chuckles]
I guess they would say.
It's not easy, but, you know,
I'm still here
and I think that says a lot.
- But our hope is that
the couples can use
these final few days
of their honeymoon
to further discover who the
person they married really is.
- Morning.
- We are headed out today
to see a waterfall.
Just the two of us.
- Yeah, I'm excited
to just hang out with you
and check out more of San Juan.
- We're gonna go
horseback riding today
so I'm excited to do that.
- Can't wait to see
if she can ride a real horse.
- Okay, bye.
- [laughs]
♪ ♪
- ♪ We're breaking waves ♪
♪ Shooting stars ♪
♪ We live for glory,
not forever ♪
♪ I'm reaching out ♪
♪ As where we are ♪
♪ Our hearts
beat beatin' together ♪
- It's been a long couple days.
- [whispers] I know.
I'm hungry.
- I know, I'm starving,
I got a good setup for us.
- Okay, let's do it.
- Okay.
- Last night, we had a fight.
I had all these ideas and hopes,
but boy, did it go to [bleep]
towards the end.
I don't want to get
too, too lovey-dovey
because we literally just met
and it has to flow organically.
- Mm-hmm.
- I had a plan for this
romantic dinner
and I let her know
where I was during the dinner.
And, you know,
she didn't react too well.
- I can slow back,
but I pull way back.
- Mm-hmm.
- Way--all the way back.
- But an hour later,
we talked about it.
- The purpose of
a romantic dinner
is to make me feel loved
and cared for.
And that didn't make
me feel cared for.
[contemplative music]
- Like, I committed
a sin tonight.
I'm sorry.
We have an incredible core,
which is obvious 'cause we have
so many things in common.
I was trying to do the best
I can with this whole thing.
We can start fresh tomorrow
on a better slate.
So do you wanna
go upstairs together?
- Well, yeah, unless you wanna
sleep down here in the lobby.
- No, clearly.
- [chuckles]
- We squashed the topics
of the dinner
and we bounced back
and we're laughing again.
- It's this way, dude.
- I was going there.
- [laughs]
Hi, how are you?
- How are you?
- Come on in.
Intimacy is about, like,
having a fight and
moving past it.
I honestly think
the communication
between Mark and I is great.
We're still learning
each other, you know,
but I think that
we can talk through any
situation, really, together.
- You know what we should do?
- What?
- We should say a prayer.
- Oh, I like that.
- All right.
Dear God,
thank you for
bringing us together
in a way that we never
thought was possible.
Let's enjoy this wonderful meal
that you provided for us.
Thank you for everyone
who supports us back home
or who's here with us
and get us through the rest of
the honeymoon
safe and sound. Amen.
[serene music]
- That was nice, thank you.
- Yeah.
Are you religious?
I know we just prayed, but--
I appreciate you doing that.
Are you into going to church,
something you wanted to do
in the future with kids?
- So I grew up Greek Orthodox,
super traditional.
Like, four and a half hour
services
where they speak
in Greek most of it.
- Wow.
- And there's a lot of
the traditions in Greek
Orthodox culture that I like.
Like Holy Week, we talked
about in Greek Orthodox--
Easter.
So I would definitely want
our children to celebrate that
'cause I think it's more
of a cultural celebration
as well as a religious one.
- Mm-hmm.
I'm okay with any church
as long as
it's the right community.
- Right.
- I really wanna bring
my kids up in a church
or at least give them
the fundamentals.
But I think as soon
as our kids are old enough
to express themselves,
if they say,
"Mom and Dad,
I don't want to go,"
then we should respect that.
- Okay, how many kids?
- Okay, so I can't do three.
Pretty firmly not three.
- Okay.
- I'll be honest with you,
I feel like whatever God
gives us.
I don't want one,
I want at least two,
I could do four.
I don't know how I wanna bir--
- You could do one,
maybe two, definitely
not three, could do four--
So we're skipping
three no matter what.
- Yeah,
no matter what, no three.
- So we're gonna have
a lot of kids in our future?
- I always wanted
to have a big family.
What about you?
- I mean, whatever I can afford
and whatever God gives me.
You don't get to say,
"I want to have twins."
- That would be--oh, dude,
let's make a pact.
- Okay.
If we have twins, we're done.
One and done.
That would be [bleep]-ing gold!
- Okay.
[country music]
♪ ♪
- Hi!
- How are you doing?
- Hi.
- This is Sales,
we got Champagne over here.
- Champagne!
- Ooh, I like that name.
- Which one of the two
of these horses is calmer?
- He is following me, he's calm.
- He's calm.
- I'm gonna put you on him
because this one likes
to go in the front
so he will follow this one.
- Okay.
- Me and her
are both from the city.
We don't ride horses.
We only got traffic and cars.
So we figured
it's our honeymoon,
we're gonna try just
new events in our lives
and make more memories together.
- I can't believe
I'm on a horse right now.
- [chuckles]
- I do not like--
Oh, no, I like you.
Just kidding, I like you.
- Oh, Champagne,
where you going--
I mean, Sales, where you going?
- [chuckles]
- Sales,
command your horse to walk.
- Oh, [bleep].
- Okay, come on, Sales.
- Command him to walk.
- Just do the tap-tap?
- Yes.
- Can we go slow?
- Hiyah!
- There we go, see, you got it.
- Good job, horse.
- Don't get my confidence up
'cause he be start running--
He might start running.
- I am nervous
about riding a horse
just because
I've never ridden one before
and I already
don't like animals.
Some people
aren't animal people.
Sorry, PETA.
[chuckles]
How do I slow him down?
- Good girl.
- Pull him back.
- Pull.
- Also, Sales,
remember that Champagne
will go at your speed.
- Slow, slow, slow, slow.
- Good girl.
- I don't feel comfortable.
- Good job.
- Slow.
- I know, slow.
- Slow--hey, slow.
- Go slow, babe.
- This is the--this is
the slowest this horse goes.
- How do you stop it?
- Pull, she's--listen--
Listen to what she's saying.
- Oh, I can't.
- Pull.
- Okay.
- Come on. [clicks tongue]
- Okay, stop--
- Slow, slow.
- I need to stop.
Ooh, I don't like it.
- Just go slow.
- The way that
his personality is,
he just jumps in
and does things.
But me, I'm more, like,
cautious.
- You ain't gonna mess it up,
come on.
You want this, come on.
- Ugh, I'm shaking.
I feel like since I've met him,
I've been stepping out
of my comfort zone
and I just need him to just
take down his energy for me
and just go slower.
- Just relax, the horse knows.
It--it's been trained.
You're not
the first person to ride it,
you're not gonna be the last,
it's okay.
- Okay.
- If the horse
wanted to throw you,
it would've threw you
all the way back there.
- Don't say that.
- I'm saying have confidence
in yourself.
She was taking a little bit
of the positive energy
out of me,
but I don't want
to lose my life experience
because somebody else feels like
they don't want to give it
a full chance.
I am an adventurous person.
And I only could be with
a person who's adventurous.
I didn't get into a marriage
just to smile and say,
"We're married
and we have kids."
I won't stop living my life
because my wife
isn't comfortable.
- Sometimes you just have
to be more patient with me.
- Oh. Gotta have some faith.
We'll be good, though.
- Ah-ah-ah!
- Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
I didn't tell you that.
- It's just, like, not relaxing.
Ah-ah, Champagne!
It's because
you're not in front.
[tense music]
Ah-ah-ah!
Slow down.
Chill, stop, like,
I'm not--you're gonna see a--
Ooh, you're about
to piss me off.
It's not funny.
- [laughs]
- It's not funny at all.
- Yo, you're so dramatic.
The horse ain't doing nothing.
- Because I'm scared,
it doesn't matter.
But sometimes
you have to come down
to, like, my level.
- We're just regular walking.
- Stop pushing me and just
listen to me in this moment.
- Ooh.
Have a seat.
[both sigh]
- How'd you feel
about Champagne?
- I mean,
I'm glad that I did it.
But it was, you know,
I mean, I was nervous.
- I noticed
when you're uncomfortable,
you just wanna stop.
But as long as I keep
pushing you and pushing you,
you'll complain about it.
Do you get what I'm saying?
- But that's also my nerves.
- Right, right.
- When people are nervous,
they express themselves
differently.
- But you were so uncomfortable,
you couldn't even
get down the controls
because before we even
got on the horse,
all you're thinking is,
"Oh, my God,
I'm about to do this horse,
I'm about to do this horse."
You was already dwelling
in something
that was becoming so beautiful.
You know what I'm saying?
- Mm-hmm.
- I've seen the buildup,
that's why when you
got on it, you're like,
"I don't wanna do this."
I'm like, before you even got
on the horse,
you was already--
Your mind was already
telling yourself
you didn't like it.
- Yeah, I want you to push me,
but I want you to know,
in some situations,
if I'm telling you I'm really
uncomfortable, then--
- I mean--
- I want you to know
when to not--
When to do it and when to not
'cause my nerves get really bad.
And I don't know,
you'll have to learn, like,
okay, like, "She really
doesn't want to do this.
- I would never
put you through anything
I think you can't get through.
- I see that
you're just trying to,
you know, like,
help me override my fear.
- Right.
- But in the moment,
I was like, "I wanna
punch him in his face."
- [laughs]
So funny.
I'm always gonna push you.
For real,
♪ ♪
- In any marriage,
it's important to agree
on a shared comfort zone
as spouses,
but the process of demarcating
the boundaries of the zone
can present challenges,
so it's essential to be aware
of each other's needs and fears
when enjoying new activities
together.
♪ ♪
- ♪ I've been
working like crazy ♪
♪ With everything really ♪
♪ All I can say is
I want to get away with you ♪
♪ Oh, with you ♪
♪ ♪
- Rapids.
- That looks dangerous.
[laughing]
- Nah, you got this.
- I hope it's shallow.
This looks calm.
That's not even water, is it?
That's a puddle.
- We might be able
to work our way in here.
It's a bit, like,
busy over there,
but if we can
get over that tree,
we can go
for a little swim in that pool.
- So we're gonna go rock
climbing and tree climbing,
and then we're gonna go
into the water?
- In an ideal world,
I'd like to go on all types
of adventures with my wife.
Are you okay with that?
- Um, I guess so.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
- I got you. I'll make sure
you get in there safely.
- Okay.
- I like to explore
landscapes, national parks,
so it would be great
to have someone
be excited to do
those types of things.
- I hope you're a good swimmer.
- I won't let you fall
down the rapids, I promise.
I'm excited that we're diving
headfirst into an adventure,
but it's a little disappointing
that she's a bit nervous
about the situation.
- Oh my God, it's slippery!
[laughs]
[yelps]
[laughter]
I'm dying!
It's really cold.
[yelps]
[laughter]
- You're good.
So what do you think?
You wanna try
to learn how to float?
- Right here?
- Yeah.
- Um, I guess so.
- [laughs]
Tell you what, turn this way
so that way it will be
pulling you backwards.
And I'm gonna hold your back
and I just want you
to lean back,
take a deep breath,
and when you feel comfortable,
put your head back in
so that your ears
start touching the water
and put your feet straight.
- Okay.
- All right, ready?
So I'm gonna hold you
tight here.
And now just lean back.
- Okay.
- You can hold onto me first.
- Now put your feet up.
- [giggles]
- Now, let go of my arm--
Let go of my neck.
I got you, I got you.
- Okay.
Now what? [laughs]
- Now slowly put your head
back, take a deep breath.
You can put your ears
into the water.
- Okay. It's cold.
Okay.
- Ready, now put your--
Put your ears in.
- Okay, give me a count.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- One, two, three.
- Why am I putting
my ears in the water?
- Just do it, just put
your head into the water.
- Oh, okay.
[shrieks]
[laughs]
- It was
just a little frightening.
- Yeah, it was bad timing
on the fish's part.
- This was bad timing.
- I do not feel safe right now!
- Sorry.
We're gonna--ah!
- [shrieks]
But I realized they
weren't gonna stop biting me
so I just, you know, let it go.
You did good, all right?
Come here.
[heartwarming music]
- My head is all over the place.
I'm super anxious,
but at the same time,
he makes me feel safe
and secure with him.
He would do anything, I think,
to make me feel safe and loved.
[Tom Bromley's
"Holy Water" playing]
- ♪ Oh, holy water ♪
♪ Wash over me ♪
♪ Oh, holy water ♪
♪ I'm on my knees ♪
♪ My knees, my knees ♪
♪ Oh, holy water ♪
- I know she was a bit reluctant
and I think she still
has some fears,
but it ended up
being really fun.
It was great seeing Noi
looking so excited.
Really makes me feel like
I have a special wife
and makes me feel
connected with her.
- ♪ Quench my thirst ♪
- I had a blast, how about you?
- It was really fun.
Like, I don't know,
it was just a fun time.
I'm glad that we did it.
♪ ♪
- Happy honeymoon.
- First time in a rainforest!
- That's right.
- And first marriage
and first husband.
- [chuckles]
- A lot of firsts.
♪ ♪
- ♪ Oh, holy water ♪
[upbeat rock music]
♪ ♪
- ♪ Be cool ♪
♪ And on the ready ♪
♪ Are you ready for me? ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
- We're gonna need that.
- No, it missed.
- [laughs]
- The other experts and I
have been monitoring
the situation
with Chris and Alyssa closely,
in hopes of seeing some new
and positive developments.
However, when Alyssa began
turning down Chris's offer
to participate
in activities together,
we decided it was time
to reinforce
the structure of the process
and set up an easy
and fun activity
for them to connect over.
- All right, ready?
- Yeah, you wanna play tennis?
- I guess so.
- I know that Alyssa
might not be super keen
on playing tennis,
but I hope that
my wife recognizes
that I am, in fact, trying.
Careful with the ankles.
I don't know if that's
regulation footwear.
I'm very driven to find success
in all aspects of my life.
So I am ready to do
whatever it takes
to make it work,
even if it ultimately doesn't.
And I'm hoping the fact
that she showed up
means that she is still
making an effort.
You gonna take it easy on me?
You've beat me at
everything else so far.
- You snooze, you lose.
[upbeat bass music]
♪ ♪
- There we go.
- ♪ Let me introduce myself ♪
♪ Introduce myself ♪
♪ I'm feelin' pretty ♪
♪ Let me introduce myself ♪
- More than one.
It's--it was a trap
the whole time.
- I'm taking my shoes off
so I don't trip.
- Oh, here we go.
I feel like
it's about to get real.
[bleep], oh, there it is.
- ♪ Let me introduce myself ♪
- We'll call that 15-Love.
On paper,
I think she's a great fit.
I think we're very compatible
in our activities.
She genuinely is, like,
a fun-loving,
enjoyable person to be around.
You having fun?
- It's a little bit hot out,
but you know.
- All right,
wanna just hang out?
Chill, talk a little?
- Sure.
I'm trying to be optimistic
in the situation that I'm in.
I put in so much hard work
to be ready for this.
You know,
I think I do my very best
and I will continue
to do that and try.
- Um, I know that
one of the things
that I wanted to talk about
is what happened, sort of,
after the honeymoon.
- Okay.
- Normally, I know that
we'd be expected to move into
an apartment together.
- Mm-hmm.
- What are
your thoughts on that?
- Um, I don't--
I don't feel comfortable
moving into
an apartment together.
- Okay.
- What are your thoughts?
- I get it.
I want you to do
what you're comfortable with.
So, when I think of sort of,
what I had committed to
early in the process,
it included moving--
- I wanna stop for one second.
I already don't like
where this conversation's
going with, like,
"I was committed,"
insinuating that I'm not,
so, yeah.
- Okay.
- I know that with everyone else
living, like, in the apartments
together and stuff,
they're gonna be, like,
doing things together
and filming together, and, like,
all that kind of stuff.
And I think...
I'm not gonna speak for you,
but, like, I feel,
like, robbed kind of
the whole experience
that, like,
we were supposed to have.
[tense music]
And I don't feel like it's fair
to, like, not be able
to live there.
- I definitely want
to move into that apartment,
but I also know that
I want to do it with my wife.
Um, whether we're madly in love,
or barely friends
trying to make it work,
we're expected to move in.
I think she has to
sort of figure out
what she's comfortable doing,
but I know that's what I want.
- I guess I don't think
you're understanding my point
is that, um...
We both want to live
in this apartment,
and just because we don't
want to live there together,
it seems like you've made
a decision without me
that you are moving in
and I'm not.
- No, you can move in
if you want.
[dramatic music]
- I know, but--
But this is what I--
- That's on the table,
if you want to move in,
I'm fine with that.
- Right, but that's, like, not--
- I know you're not
comfortable with that.
It sounds like
you're in a tough spot
and have a decision to make.
Unless--unless I'm told--
- Okay, I mean, I don't--
I don't really like this, so--
I don't like where--
Where this is going.
So I'm gonna walk away
for a second.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- Yeah, just, he doesn't stop.
He was like, "seems like
you have a decision to make."
Like, why do you
have to do that?
- Well, I mean, it's--
It's multiple things.
Like, I love the other girls
and, like,
I want to be
a part of it with them.
- Yeah.
- And so, like,
if they all are like,
last minute, like,
"Oh, want to come over?"
Like, I can't just come over.
- Like, why is that fair
that I get to not live there
because I don't want
to live with you
because we're not compatible?
Why is that fair?
- I think that
from the beginning,
I have always done
what I thought she wanted,
but I don't know that
me doing what I think is
reasonable for both of us
is in line with what
she is expecting of me,
which, to me, comes off
as a little selfish.
- Like, if you can't be kind,
then don't talk to me.
- ♪ I was a fool in love ♪
- Ugh, look at his
hand gestures right now.
Even that is, like,
it's aggressive.
- No, like,
he's, like, pointing--
Like, it's just like, ugh.
- I feel like I've had to be
really patient
and I have felt
all of the emotions.
I started with excited
about the process,
and then nervous,
and then anxious.
Then I got married
and I was elated,
and then I was very confused
when I couldn't figure out
what was going on
and she wouldn't tell me.
Now I'm frustrated.
- [bleep],
when is enough enough?
- I think we're
in a unique situation
and I genuinely don't know
how we're gonna handle it.
- ♪ I was a fool in love ♪
♪ But I was not ♪
♪ I wasn't what she wanted. ♪
♪ And it
chopped me to pieces. ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Then dropped me to pieces ♪
♪ Can't tell if this
is real or not ♪
♪ But I sure
wanna figure it out ♪
- I feel so bad for my husband
because he is currently
being browbeaten
by his landlord/mother figure.
[phone ringing]
She has been relentlessly
calling and messaging him
on our honeymoon.
I'm not talking about
once or twice a day,
I'm talking about
four, five times a day.
- Okay, okay.
- Stating that he needs
to contact her immediately.
[phone ringing]
- Okay.
All right.
- And he is busy with me
trying to get to know me.
- Good night.
[phone ringing]
- Really?
- All right.
- Oh, my God.
And she is non-stop.
She is just always stepping in
and it is distracting.
This person who's been
a confidant
and somebody he trusted in
is just really letting him down.
And it is getting
to his best self.
[groans]
- ♪ We got each other ♪
♪ And that's a fact ♪
♪ We'll stick together ♪
♪ We made a pact ♪
- Daylight--ooh,
it's getting hot!
- I know.
I personally enjoy
getting together
with the other couples
because, one, I don't got
no beef with none of them.
So I know that I'm always
gonna joke around
and laugh with them.
Katina and O are the couple that
we both feel closest to.
So it is nice to also get, like,
a little double date with them
and catch up
to see how they're doing.
- I just wanna
get in this water.
- Yeah, I wanna get in this.
- Do you think there's fish?
- Do I think--
Yeah, I know there's fish.
- [laughter]
Sorry, sorry.
- No, I meant, like,
on the edge.
- It's full of [bleep].
- Up close.
- A lot of [bleep]
in this water.
- Don't--
Don't try to play, my friend.
Don't try to play, my friend!
- You see how
he treats me sometimes?
- I understood.
- [laughs]
- Did you guys expect
to connect this fast
in such a short amount of time?
- No.
- Mm-mm, I didn't.
I'm actually surprised.
Like, it feels like
I've known him for a long time.
So I think that makes it
easier for me.
Are you guys seeing why
you're--why you're matched?
- Yeah, I was about to ask that.
That's so crazy.
- Why you were matched?
Anything, like,
similarities or anything?
- Yeah, we definitely have
a lot of things in common.
- I think you guys look
great together, anyways.
- I like you guys together.
- Yo, for real.
Such a sexy couple.
- Thank you.
- You guys look nice.
- For real, for real.
- Yeah, I can definitely see
why the experts
paired us together
because we have
a lot of similarities.
Our beliefs,
what we want in the marriage,
what we want from a partner.
So even, like,
the first day I was like,
"It's not even
some things in common,
it's, like,
all things in common."
So I could definitely
see why they did that.
- I think personality wise,
I think we're both, like,
very, like, opinionated.
- Mm.
- Very, like, um,
we speak with conviction
when we feel like--
We believe something.
So I feel like, in that regard,
we're kind of the same as well.
- Mm-hmm.
- You get what I'm saying?
- Do you find, like,
it's a challenge
with you guys are both
opinion--opinionated?
- I don't know.
I feel like I'm able,
sometimes, to see both sides,
and sometimes
he's just like, "Nah.
- [laughter]
- "Like, this is how it is,
this is what you did,"
type of thing,
and I'm like, "no, not even."
- That's funny 'cause I think--
I could think
the same about you.
- I'm sure you can.
- I think we're the same
in that regard.
- Jasmina and Mike,
at least they know, you know,
why they were matched
and their similarities.
But, you know,
she just married a stranger
so, um, it's just
gonna take time.
And it's just, like, you know,
focusing on not trying
to get your point across,
but just, like, being
understanding to each other,
even if you have
opposite point of views.
- I like to push my wife.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Like, I really do.
She knows it, too.
I told her, I was like,
"I don't know
how you gonna live
like this forever."
[laughter]
Like, we're riding the horse
and my horse
is going kinda fast.
But, like, I want to have,
like, that thrill
so I can remember it too.
- Yup.
- But at one point,
after we went, like--
Shoot, we went--probably went
two miles with the horse,
and then when
we were coming back,
I could tell
she was at her peak.
Like, "Yo, I'm not--
I'm not effing around no more."
Like, "slow down, or I'ma hit--
I'ma take care of you
when I get off this horse."
- [laughs]
- And, like, I like that,
you know, and--
And then I slowed down,
you know?
You can--you just feel it,
the energy.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- You'll feel the energy.
- You definitely
want to, like, push her
out of her comfort zone,
but you don't wanna
push her too much.
- Yeah, to scare her,
like, "I can't rock
with him anymore."
Yeah, yeah, exactly, exactly.
- Right, right, right.
- Like, "He's not listening
to me" kind of thing.
- O is high energy,
O is aggressive,
O is an alpha male.
That intensity, he's gonna
put into his marriage
to push his wife.
So of course, it can be a pro
because you're pushing
your spouse,
but also, if he doesn't,
you know, reel it in,
that can also be a con,
so I can understand the
friction that they're having,
but O is someone that
I know he knows
how to self-correct.
So hopefully before
it gets to be too much,
he's gonna fix it.
♪ ♪
- ♪ Shows up out of nowhere ♪
♪ And it lifts
you out of the dark ♪
♪ It shines a light on
what you've always known ♪
♪ And it gives you
the strength ♪
♪ Right when it gets hard ♪
♪ Oh, it's the spark ♪
- Hey, I'm Lindsey Mayer.
This is Mark Mayer.
- Yeah.
- And we're just gonna get
a little rub down today.
I just love a massage,
but I can see in Mark's head
that all the stuff
from his landlord
is still bothering him.
- Oh, my God,
I'm so looking forward to this.
I have a lot going on.
I have a lot of stuff
I'm dealing with back home.
There was, like,
a bedbug situation
in my whole apartment
so it's kind of a mess.
Probably, like, a stress level
of, like, eight--eight, nine.
So glad I planned
this massage today.
[relaxing music]
♪ ♪
Oh, my God.
[glasses clink]
Cheers.
- Cheers.
Oh, it's so good.
Do you feel better?
[exhales] You're dealing with
a unique situation
where your landlord
is also your--
Was, like, your mother figure
and a good friend of yours.
- A good friend.
You know,
she looked at me like--
I think she looks at me
like a son, but I get--
I get her position,
but I was just shocked by it.
- How dare you change his lease
in the middle of the honeymoon
and send it to us and say,
"New lease, no cats."
You knew he had three cats.
You're gonna evict him
while we're on our honeymoon?
Can I tell you?
- Sure.
- I'm a little bit
of a mama bear.
- Okay.
- I don't like what I've seen.
- Mm.
She knows he's with me.
She knows we're getting
to go--know each other.
Shame on you.
I'm so mad.
I think that is so classless.
You don't ever have
to go back there again.
- Okay.
- You'll never have to
deal with that again.
You can just move
your stuff into my house.
- I had no clue who Lindsey was
a week ago today.
[laughs]
And in a week...
in less than a week,
I'm married,
I've consummated my marriage,
we're talking about five cats,
a situation with
some bugs in the apartment,
moving in together.
I mean, I feel like
I'm in another world.
- Take Monday off.
- Okay.
- I already have my cats
at our new house.
- Okay.
- We go down to your apartment.
- Yeah.
- Show me it for the first time,
we get you
the [bleep] out of there.
- Okay.
- Try to get somebody
to take care of the bedbugs
and just take the things
that matter to you.
- Okay.
- Put all that stuff
in my house.
- Okay.
- And then we'll go
- to our new apartment.
- Okay.
And the cats?
- And our cats can go there,
all five of them.
- To the new place?
- Yes.
- Okay.
- We can give it a trial run.
- A trial run.
I think it's--
It's incredible
that she's so easygoing
on this process for me.
It's very refreshing
that she's like that,
but it doesn't shake the fact
that I'm going through it.
So she's my wife, but they're--
They're my responsibilities,
like, it just--it feels weird
to have somebody
just do something for me.
It's--it's very
unordinary for me.
Even though we're married,
it would take time
for that to feel okay.
- My whole life has
been an eruption, mainly,
so I'm ready
to help you with yours.
[upbeat synth music]
♪ ♪
♪ This is the last time
you tell me to calm down ♪
♪ The last time
you call me crazy ♪
♪ This is the last time
we go round and round ♪
♪ All the spinning
makes me dizzy ♪
♪ I think
I had enough of you ♪
[phone dial tone]
- Hey, how are you?
How's married life?
- It's not what I expected.
So things haven't gone
the way I would've expected.
- Oh?
- Yeah.
She has some
sort of concerns about us
and she doesn't wanna--
- Okay.
- Talk about them.
She's walked out
of a lot of conversations
and gets really defensive
about any time
that I basically will express
any version of
"you didn't give it a chance."
- I'm just sick of it, like--
Like, I'm stuck in
a terrible situation
that's absolutely miserable
and I could be portrayed
in a very poor light here.
And I'm sick of [bleep] crying.
And I'm sick of being positive
and trying to have a good day.
And I'm sick of being
the good person
and taking the high road
when everyone's
just [bleep] on me.
- And I asked, basically,
the crew,
"Hey, if you want
to ask her to talk to me,
like, in private,
I'm happy to do that."
- No, I do not want
to talk to him.
I hate him.
He's a [bleep] ass[bleep].
He's disrespectful, and rude,
and he's doing me dirty.
And it's [bleep] disgusting
that a man is
treating a woman like that
who's been
nothing but nice to him.
- And it's essentially that
she doesn't think
we're compatible.
She feels robbed because
she didn't get
the person she wanted.
- He comes off as this good guy.
Well, guess what?
He's a [bleep] car salesman
who sells houses.
Why does he think he can
move into the apartment
and I don't get to move
into the apartment?
Why can't I hang out
with my girls?
Why don't I get to be there?
- She--she doesn't know if
she got the person she wanted
because she doesn't even--
- Yeah, nobody gets the person
that they 100% want
'cause that person
doesn't exist.
- You know, it's funny, too,
'cause when we were
talking to her mom,
and Mom was telling her about
how you are very down to earth,
and you don't raise your voice,
and you're able
to have conversations.
And her mom was saying that
that's exactly what she needs
because she flies
off the handle,
and she cries all the time,
and she needs someone that's
gonna bring her down to earth.
- That's the same message
I got from Mom and Dad,
and from her bridesmaids,
like, "We think
you're perfect for her.
She needs a guy like you."
- The only time
I'm happy here is if--
If I'm with one of the girls,
or I'm sitting by myself.
I'm not being portrayed
in a good light
and my mom is very upset.
She's mad because she thinks
I'm not being nice to Chris.
And I am being nice to him.
I'm a good person
and if I don't come off
that way on this show,
I'm gonna be [bleep] pissed.
- At the end of the day,
it is a show about marriage.
The show's called
"Married at First Sight,"
not "Single at First Sight."
'Cause if you're not a couple,
you're not a couple,
you're done.
- Like, I feel like
if she's already
dug her feet in this far
and is not willing
to meet you halfway
or even have a conversation
for crying out loud,
I think you should
just cut your loss.
- Yeah, and I think I'm just
about at that point so...
- ♪ Was a long hard day ♪
- I don't care
about other people,
it's the way I feel.
I'm not being dramatic.
What the [bleep] is happening?
I feel like I am handling
this better
than probably anyone
in this group would.
- ♪ But I can't hide ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ ♪
♪ And I won't hide ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ ♪
♪ My evil ways ♪
- ♪ I know you like ♪
♪ What you see ♪
- Good morning, everyone.
- Good morning.
- We are just waking up
and we're getting ready
for our day
and we can just enjoy
some fun in the sun.
But yeah,
I'm looking forward to it.
- You look like you're ready
to go by the water.
- [chuckles]
- Rise and shine.
- Rise and shine, here we go.
- We're about to go
meet our buddy, Chris,
to have a little--
Actually, I hope there's food.
- I hope there's food.
There's usually always food.
- Well,
we gotta keep you healthy.
- We gotta keep me safe,
I gotta live to be 100.
- Just be happy that I'm only
talking about the things
you put in your body,
not on your body.
I haven't even begun
to talk about clean beauty
and household products.
- Oh, my God.
- [chuckles]
- I can't wait for that chapter
to begin next week.
Oh!
- ♪ I click my fingers ♪
♪ You close your eyes ♪
♪ We find
a happier place inside ♪
♪ And all the seasons ♪
♪ They pass you by ♪
♪ 'Cause you're
not listening ♪
♪ Not listening right ♪
- Oh, hello.
- How are you?
- Doing well.
- Good to see you.
- Hi!
- Oh, hey girl.
- Oh, hey!
- You look so relaxed.
- I know, you look cute.
- I brought you water.
- I thought I heard your voices.
- Hey, girl, hey.
- Hi, how are ya?
Did you just "hey, girl" me?
- Yeah, I did.
- Thank you.
- I'll sit on this side.
- This one?
- Yeah, I'll sit right here.
- Where am I sitting?
I wanna sit right here.
How are you, my friend?
- Yeah, how are you?
- I'm doing.
- Yeah?
- You look like you're in
a significantly better place
today than you were
the first day I met you.
- The--the first couple of days.
- Yeah.
- Uh...
Yeah, it's, um,
it's not where I thought I'd be.
- Like, what have--
What have you been thinking
these past couple of days
being here?
- Yeah, I mean,
I think it's definitely hard.
You know, like, I'm so happy
for everyone,
like, that everyone's happy.
But, like, it's definitely hard
to, like, be around it
and like, know that,
like, I don't have that.
- What happened?
- Wedding is great.
At least I think it's great.
- Okay, no arguments?
- No, not during the wedding,
no disagreements.
But then late that night,
she eventually comes out
and says, um,
"I have some concerns."
And I said,
"Well, like, what happened?
Can I clarify anything?"
And she said,
"Well, it's been a long day,
we're both really tired."
So the next morning,
we sit down
and I'm trying to figure out,
do I have to fix something,
change something, adjust?
But she's basically like,
"Nope, we're not--
"I just don't think
we're compatible,
there are too many
values differences."
- The next morning?
- Literally the next morning.
We've literally never had more
than a super--
Like, "What's your last name?"
- Right.
- "What do you do for work?"
- Yeah.
- These are
the conversations you--
Remember your
first conversation?
- Uh-huh.
- Yeah, I'm just so confused.
- Obviously,
neither Chris or I, like,
thought this was
gonna be our situation.
I think what's tough
is I'm not blaming him,
but I feel like he's, like,
blaming me kind of, and
that's, like,
so upsetting to me.
- It sounds like she didn't
even give you a chance.
Like, she had this vision
in her head
and when she saw you
at the end of the aisle,
you didn't fit that vision,
physically,
and she instantly wrote you off.
- And she's never
said anything physical
either direction so I've
never heard her say like--
- 'Cause you're
a good looking dude.
- Yeah!
- I appreciate that.
- You're a stud.
- She's never been like,
"No, no, no, you're attractive--
- Simmer down.
- "But other stuff."
But she's also never been like,
"Oh, no, no, no, you're a good
guy, I'm just not attract--"
She's never said either,
so that I honestly don't know.
If it's that,
maybe she's trying
to just not say that, but...
- You know, I came into this
and put in all the same efforts
as everyone else, right?
- So you feel like
you've done everything
to try to make it work?
- Well, I mean,
here's the thing.
Did I--did I come into this
to find a husband?
100%.
That wedding night,
I started talking
to friends of his, right?
And family of his,
they were telling me, right?
Like,
all these things about him.
And unfortunately,
a lot of those things were--
Were things that, like,
didn't sit well with me.
- Even though, yes,
you heard it from
his family and stuff,
sometimes you have to
get to know someone--
- Mm-hmm.
- You know, before.
So I think probably
a slip up on your end
was taking everything that
they were saying for face value
and already putting that
and making a decision
in your mind,
instead of just taking
what they were saying
and put it in your pocket.
And then when he did do that,
be like,
"Oh, his family did
tell me about this."
- Yes, I understand
where you're coming from
and no matter how I feel
about what happened,
I, you know,
am doing my best to be
respectful and honest.
And I do feel like
I'm doing that.
♪ ♪
- It's a shame because
you're probably
exactly what she needs.
- You're saying--
- Exactly
what she's gonna want.
And the shame is she can't
get out of her own way
and in ten years,
she's gonna look back and go,
"[bleep] damn,
he was a great guy.
"He was patient,
he would love me
"the way I needed to be loved.
"He would've done anything,
"and I threw him away--
- Yeah.
- Before I even
gave him a chance."
- I have to give you, like,
lots and lots of credit.
Like, never in my life...
- [bleep]ing stand up man.
- Could I just be,
like, calm about this.
I mean, I guess, like,
the wedding,
I would give her the--
I'd be confused and be like,
"This is--this is weird."
Every day
I'd be a little more, like,
"I can only have so much."
And at some point, I'd be like,
"You don't make any sense."
Chris is just being
a bigger man in this
than I think
a lot of us could be.
I think a lot of us
could be a bigger person,
but at some point,
we would have to be like,
"What are you doing?"
It doesn't make sense to me.
- Like, it's like you pick up a
book
and you're like,
"Mm, I don't like the cover,
I'm not gonna read it."
- Yeah.
- It's literally
a book by its cover.
- When you signed up,
what were you thinking?
I'm curious.
Did you think it was gonna be
a magical dream guy?
It wasn't.
It was gonna be a lot of things
that make sense for a marriage.
But I just feel bad that
she's really
not giving it a chance.
- Do you think maybe
one of the reasons
he might be blaming you,
if that's how you feel--
- Yeah.
- Because he's unclear as to
why you probably threw in
the towel so quickly?
- Yeah, I mean, we've had
many conversations
where I've explained to him
why I don't feel like
we're a match.
- Okay, my personal opinion,
and you can correct me
if I'm wrong.
I think you're not physically
attracted to him
and I don't think
there's anything wrong
with that.
- Yeah.
- Some people
might say it's vain.
I don't--nobody's you, you know?
- When I saw him, did I feel,
like, that, like, physically
wasn't what I would
normally be attracted to?
Yes.
Did I feel like what I asked for
in the experts was given to me?
No.
Like, I would've rather
them told me, like,
"We don't think
we have a match for you,"
than match me with somebody
that doesn't align,
like, with me.
- Those are your reasons.
I think you just need
to tell him
straightforward and bluntly,
this is what it is,
because it could be that maybe
you think that you told him,
and maybe 'cause you don't want
to hurt his feelings,
you probably
beat around the bush
and so that's why he's like,
"She didn't tell me."
- In my honest opinion, I do
think that
Alyssa was done from day one
so it doesn't seem like
there really was a chance
that she gave him.
My heart definitely
feels for Chris
because I know
he really wants this.
- This is why I'm frustrated
more than anything.
I think that we are compatible.
I wanted somebody driven
because the qualities that
come with that in a person,
the drive, the ambition,
I find incredibly attractive.
- We're going home tomorrow.
What is gonna happen tomorrow
in your marriage?
- I--
I can only control what I do,
I can try as hard as I can,
I can give my all,
I know what I have to give,
I know what my weaknesses are,
I can only control what I do.
- At some point like, dude,
like, you've gotta, like,
put it in the past.
I feel bad for him,
but he needs to let go.
E rush ♪
♪ The way it's meant to be ♪
- Doing a little exploring
here in old San Juan.
- ♪ I see you in my dreams ♪
- ♪ Feel the rush ♪
♪ The way it's meant to be ♪
Pa, pa, pa!
Pow, pow, pow!
Both: Too, too, too!
[giggling]
- ♪ I see you in my dreams ♪
♪ ♪
[upbeat music]
- Look what we see!
- I got her--
I got her surrounded by water.
Look at this.
- Look at this water.
- Surrounded by water here.
- Beautiful.
- It's so pretty.
[upbeat pop music]
♪ ♪
- Hmm, somebody carved
their initials in there.
- That's nice.
Would it be corny
to do the same thing?
- I don't know if it will work.
- At the beginning
of the honeymoon,
we weren't seeing eye to eye.
It wasn't a lot of fun.
There wasn't a lot of laughter.
We've had more
difficult conversations
and awkward conversations
than light-hearted fun.
So today,
start of a new beginning,
I'm hoping that
this will, you know,
clear the air a little bit
and we can just focus on
having fun together.
So how are you feeling
about being near the water?
- [chuckles]
The water is pretty.
I don't mind
being near the water.
- Yeah.
- It's just going in.
My mood is definitely off
and it's just because
communication is definitely
something we need to work on.
And I feel in this moment
that he's being very aggressive
with his words.
I don't appreciate his tone.
It's disrespectful,
it's rude, it's loud.
I don't tolerate disrespect.
At all.
Why would I want to be
with somebody
that doesn't know how to have
a civil conversation?
But you can't swim, so--
- I probably swim
better than you.
- But I'm trying not to
let it affect these memories
that we're making
and affect our honeymoon.
I just wanna feel comfortable
around him
and I know that
the more I get to know him,
the rest will follow.
- [clears throat]
I was on the school bus
and I was sitting down,
and some big bully,
like fourth or fifth grader.
He sees me, he's like,
"You're in my seat."
I'm like, "Okay," so I got up.
I'm six years old,
I'm probably like,
three foot nine, I don't know.
And I get up out of the seat.
I sit in another seat.
He goes, "That's my seat too."
I'm just like--
I'm like, "Oh, okay."
- Oh, my God...
- Then he just started
pummeling...
- Beating on you,
a sixth grader?
- Yeah, it was sad, man.
- You okay?
- I mean, I still
got some trauma from it.
Can I have a hug or something?
- It's okay.
- Um...
Trying to see if I can
carve our name into here.
It's not gonna work, is it?
- You're gonna be that guy?
- I am gonna be that guy,
I'm gonna be that corny dude.
That--that kinda like a J?
- Look like that's
the best it's gonna get.
There you go, that's better.
- Ah, [bleep].
- [chuckles]
It's the thought that counts.
- Well, the J's there.
- It's the thought that counts.
- The thought that counts.
- I appreciate it.
All right.
- All right, I give up.
- Yeah, we're just
gonna let it go.
Just ruined a pretty rock.
[laughing]
- You want to get in the water?
♪ ♪
- I'll--I'll try it out.
- Getting out
of our comfort zone today.
- Don't splash me...
- I won't, I promise.
- Push me, and we're all good.
- ♪ It's a good time
to enjoy yourself ♪
- Ah! It's cold!
♪ ♪
- ♪ Get up and get at it ♪
- I'm surprised
Jasmina's actually
willing to get into the water.
It's making me feel good,
it's making me
feel like she's ready to do
something different,
she's ready to be
uncomfortable,
and she's having fun.
This is the first time
I'm seeing Jasmina smile
since our wedding day.
- Wow, lay down.
- You wanna sit down?
- No, not at all--lay down.
We just had to have fun.
You know, let loose
and be open because
that's the whole point
of all of this.
But I still have it
in the back of my mind
that I'm not sure
if I will get there,
but I'm still open to it
and I'm definitely trying.
♪ ♪
- ♪ It's a good day
to enjoy yourself ♪
- I know I always complain.
I'm always gonna like it,
but I have to complain
about it first to be dramatic.
But in the end,
it's all worth it.
- You're starving? All right,
let's go get something to eat.
Overflowing ♪
♪ We're just getting going ♪
- It's the last day
of our honeymoon.
Mark and I are gonna have
dinner with all the couples
and I'm feeling cautious.
I feel like I'm kinda being put
in an unpredictable environment
with a lot of personalities
during a high stress time.
Who knows what to expect
with these people?
- Oh, there he is!
There's a team!
- Hey, look at you guys.
- ♪ Live it up,
raise your cup ♪
♪ We'll keep dancin'
till the sun is coming up ♪
- Nice of you to roll up.
- ♪ Live it up,
can't get enough ♪
- You need to get
style tips from him.
- Everyone looks so nice today.
- What'd you get for a drink?
What'd you get for a drink?
- Um, sauvignon blanc.
- ♪ Live it up,
wanna go crazy ♪
- She took off the heels.
That was smart.
- I know, I'm like,
this isn't gonna work for me.
- Are we the last?
- I think so, yeah.
- Look at those two beauties.
- Hi, guys.
- They look like Easter delight.
- They really do.
- ♪ Live it up ♪
- I'm excited
to touch base with everyone,
see how everyone's doing
and progressing as a couple.
- You guys want
to get a bite to eat?
- Ooh, yes, I'm starving.
- All right, let's go.
- I'm just hoping for the best
and hoping we'll have fun,
but there's been tension
since the beginning
of this honeymoon.
But hopefully,
I mean, I think that's all been
squashed at this point.
- Look at this
nice family style table.
What a nice view.
- Are you guys excited
to get back to the real world?
- I am. I miss my job.
I miss, just, my every day,
like, routine.
- Girl, what do you do?
I was trying to think about
that last night.
- Teach toddlers.
- Wow.
- That's right.
I was like, I can't remember.
- You definitely
gotta have some babies.
- You're gonna be fine, girl.
- If we had to guess
which couple's gonna
have kids first,
who would we guess?
[laughing]
- Them two?
- For sure.
- I think it's either you guys
on purpose or them by accident.
- I agree--
I agree. I 100% agree!
- Does everybody
want kids in general?
- Yeah, well, I do.
- How many?
- Raise your hand
if you want kids.
- I would like three--
- But, like, one.
- I would settle for two,
the third could be the bonus,
but two at least.
- So two and a possible.
- So how many kids do you want?
You said two?
- Three.
- I heard someone over
there say two and a maybe,
right, I kinda like that,
like that's--
- Two and a possible.
- Two and a possible, yeah.
- Three--three, no,
we're having three.
- So--so Noi--Noi is dead set
on three.
- I don't think you guys
will know whether or not you
want to have a third
until you have the first two.
- Yeah.
- You're gonna--
[laughs]
- I didn't really want
to have kids at all
until the last few years.
I was very like,
don't want to get married,
don't have kids,
just gonna live, and have fun,
and travel,
and do whatever I want.
But I realized,
maybe five years ago or so,
that once the rest of my life
started to fall into place,
my career, my mental health,
my confidence, like,
everything fell into place,
that I realized that I think,
now I feel comfortable
having a kid.
- You're gonna be
a great dad one day, Chris.
- Thank you.
- Yeah, you will.
- Great husband and great dad.
You got some good values.
- You think you could babysit
my third kid just in case?
[laughter]
- Has anyone had any, like,
bumps in your marriage
that you, like,
had to, like, work through?
Whether it was,
like, communication
or just anything
throughout this week?
- We've been having an issue
with my communication style.
Because if I'm telling my wife,
what you're doing is hurting me,
there's a way to deliver
that message
that doesn't sound so--
- Harsh.
- Just aggressive,
you know what I mean?
So I'm still learning
how to convey messages in a way
that's beneficial,
and doesn't create
a bigger issue
because of how I said something.
- Self-awareness is key.
So the fact that you know
and you said that,
that is step one.
'Cause some people,
they can't even acknowledge it.
Or they'll be like,
"What are you talking about?"
And that creates
a bigger problem.
- And even the effort too,
you know?
Like, if you're actively
trying, you might not always
get the words right,
but it's like,
I'm doing my best here,
you know?
- I learned that I gotta--
It's not just "I,"
there's a "we."
And I can't keep pushing
my wife to the limit
on every excursion and
everything I do in my life.
I'm just a energized person,
but not everybody's like that
and I have to learn
to have more patience
and hear what
she's saying until--
Before she starts getting real
serious, trying to check me.
Even though--
It's good, it's cool.
But I need that in my life.
I would roll over somebody
if they were just passive.
So I'm very thankful.
- You sure would 'cause...
whoo!
[laughter]
I like it.
- Love you so much.
- O and Katina,
even though they communicate
on different levels,
they balance each other out.
You know,
sometimes he can be a lot.
She'll reel him in.
Sometimes she can be dramatic,
he'll reel her in.
I think it's a very
great balance,
- Steve expresses himself
very differently from me.
He's very analytical,
he's very logical,
he's a realist.
So for me,
I had to recognize that, like,
just because he's not
reflecting what I'm saying
to him right away,
it doesn't mean
that he's not feeling it.
- We had a tough conversation
when she was asking me
how I felt, but I was like,
"You know how I feel.
You know, between how I look
at you, how I touch you."
We cuddle a lot.
We embrace, we hug,
you know, we hold hands.
And for me, that's one of--
You know, that's one of the ways
that I communicate
how I feel, for sure.
How--you know,
the way we interact.
So I think that
was reassuring for her,
even though I couldn't give her
the verbal affirmation
she was looking for,
but I'm learning to do that.
- I think for me,
it's just, like,
allowing my wife to help me
in things that I'm used
to doing for myself.
And I've never had,
like, a situation
where I had so much support
out the gate.
All: Aw!
- You look like a happy--
I knew I'd seen
a glow on you earlier.
- Look at Lindsey getting red!
Look at her!
[cheering]
- It's a sunburn!
It's a sunburn.
- It's a sunburn.
- And the passion.
- What about you guys?
- Anything?
- Don't look at me.
[laughter]
- Yeah, yeah, your turn.
- Yeah, we're good.
- Uh, oh, I think we know that
we're not in the same place
that you guys all are
so we've certainly had bumps.
- I think we're taking it
day by day
as it comes at us
and, you know, we're both
still sitting here so...
- That's great.
- I think that
says everything, right?
- We're still
figuring out the plan.
Alyssa and I don't talk
outside of
when we are doing
an activity together.
And I'm trying
to push as hard as I can,
while giving her
the space to grow
because everybody
has always told me
that she moves incredibly
slowly.
But if I'm not in this at all,
then I'm done
and I want to move on,
and I want her to say out loud
on camera to everybody
that we are done.
- ♪ I can't move mountains ♪
- So it sounds
like everyone else
is gonna be moving in together,
and sharing an apartment,
and continuing on this journey.
So I'm just curious, you know,
what your plans are for that?
- So we haven't had a chance
to talk about it yet,
but my thought was that you
could move into the apartment
for the first half
and then I could move in
in the second half.
Because I know we both
want to be a part of it
'cause I know I love you all
so much
and just because it didn't
work out in a romantic sense,
that doesn't mean that
we shouldn't be able to
participate
when we're both
still sitting here and
want to do that, in my opinion.
[tense music]
- I had not heard that strategy.
That's not something
I'm interested in.
I love all of you.
I didn't come here for you guys.
I am either all in or all out.
- ♪ You turned your back,
I pick it up ♪
♪ You shot me back ♪
♪ You saw alarm fires ♪
♪ We saw alarm fires ♪
♪ ♪
- So my thought was that
you could move into
the apartment
for the first half
and then I could move in
in the second half.
- I had not heard that strategy.
That's not something
I'm interested in.
I love all of you.
I didn't come here for you guys.
I am either all in or all out.
I'm not looking
to split time with you
like [bleep] divorced parents.
The notion that we would
share this experience
like divorced parents,
deciding which weekend days
we were going to spend
with our children,
our children being
the other couples,
is absurd.
We're not picking weekends.
This isn't a draft.
At this point,
I believe she is continuing
through this process because
she wants to live in
the apartment building,
not because of anything
having anything to do
with our marriage.
My drive
is to find the person I'm gonna
spend the rest of my life with.
And if somebody wants to move
exceptionally slowly,
that's fine with me,
because my plan
was a "rest of my life" plan.
I have time.
But I can't take those steps,
I can't keep
putting myself out there,
unless I get
something that's not zero back.
- I like that.
- Him saying I'm not trying
isn't true.
For him not
to want to compromise,
you know, when I'm trying
to think of solutions
to these problems
that we're having,
and he doesn't want
to entertain them,
you know,
that's disappointing to me
because Chris seems to be
trying actively
to make me look bad.
And it won't happen
because I'm not a bad person
and I'm a really
[bleep] good person.
- I know how I handle it
is going to be based on
what you want to do.
And if you are all out,
then so am I.
If you are even 1% in,
then I'm all in.
- Um, it's been
a tough journey for me
and, you know,
I know it's a tough journey
for you also,
and I'm not saying it's not,
I just don't
want to speak for you.
Um, and I just--
I want everyone to remember,
including us, that,
like, it's not my fault
that this happened.
And, um, please don't do that,
Lindsey, while I'm talking.
- I'm not doing anything.
- I just want everyone
to remember that, like,
I came in this
with the best intentions,
as everyone else did,
and put in all the work
like everyone else did.
I feel happy
that I can say that,
but just know that it hurts
that this happened
this way for me.
- Everything that
Alyssa says out of her mouth
is so ingenuine and fake.
All I can do is
stare at a palm tree
or sand in the distance 'cause
I don't have a poker face
and I just want
to call bull[bleep].
- [voice breaking]
This hasn't been easy for me.
And, um...
- It's okay--it's okay.
- We understand. It's okay.
- All talk aside,
I just need to know
if you are all out.
That's it.
It's the only question I have.
- Do you understand
what he's saying to you?
- Mm-hmm, but I think
it's not a conversation...
- In front of everybody,
yeah, exactly.
- Never is.
- Well, I think you have to
also respect her decision
if she doesn't want
to talk about
personal things
in front of people.
- Yeah, that's what it is.
- So if--
You guys do owe each other
a conversation.
- Absolutely, you do.
- Which I think should have,
you know,
I know you have questions
that you want answered.
And I had a conversation
with Alyssa earlier
and she's willing
to sit down with you
and answer every question
that you have.
And I feel like once you guys
have that conversation,
you would know how to move
going forward.
But I also do agree
that it's not our business.
And that you don't need to
speak about it in front of us.
- Yeah.
- I put myself
in Chris's shoes--
My whole honeymoon,
I haven't had an answer.
Oh, well, you know,
there's things
that I can't talk about,
and this and that--
Those are excuses.
I feel so bad for the man.
His heart is so big, though,
that he's hoping for that 1%
so he could give his 100 still.
- Either someone's trying
or they're not.
- I know, but that's
not fair to say, though,
'cause I'm still sitting here
with everyone,
including you next to me.
And so you can't say
that I'm not trying
because I'm still here.
And I had many chances
to leave, and I didn't.
- Okay.
Does that mean
that you're trying to decide
whether or not to try?
- Well, I think I've said it,
that I'm not gonna talk
about that right now.
And I think
I would appreciate it
if you could respect that
'cause we're in a huge group.
And like I said,
that's not something I can just
sit here and say, like,
yes or no to right now.
- I mean, you could've
flown out yesterday,
but what is Boston's
temperature right now
60 degrees?
We're in 90 degrees,
so let's be real.
That was a bull[bleep] answer,
but if it makes her feel good
to go to sleep at night
that she thinks she has given
even half the effort,
or a quarter,
or even a piece of what--
I can't talk other couples,
but what I've done for my wife
to make her smile,
she's out her mind.
- Just because
this isn't working out
like we both wanted it to,
doesn't mean
that I'm not trying.
And to me that says a lot.
- I don't know
what's going on with Alyssa.
I don't even think Alyssa knows
She keeps making it about her
and how she got robbed,
but like, what about him?
Alyssa's not giving Chris
a chance
and he really got robbed.
He got the shortest end
of the stick, chick.
- You okay, Chris. Yeah?
- I still don't know
if I'm supposed to be moving on.
A lack of an answer
means, to me,
that I can't bet my house
on the idea
that you are out of it.
So by not knowing, the only way
I can feel good about it myself
is to continue to try.
You picture a lot of different
scenarios coming into this.
Well, this wasn't one of them.
- It's a very unfortunate
situation.
- It is.
- ♪ Take it easy,
take it easy ♪
♪ Don't let me, let me,
let me, let me down ♪
♪ In the middle,
in the middle ♪
♪ Don't let ♪
- ♪ Take a snapshot ♪
♪ This tonight ♪
- How are you feeling, babe?
- I'm just proud of you because
I think during the dinner,
some of the conversations
between Chris and Alyssa
were tough.
And I'm so proud that
you didn't jump in
when she said your name.
- Like, it's not my fault
that this happened.
And, um--please don't do that,
Lindsey, while I'm talking.
- I'm not doing anything.
- Okay.
- 'Cause at the end of the day,
like, this is us.
So if you say something
that I feel I would never say,
it affects me if you say it
because we're a team.
So I was glad that
you didn't say anything
and you just
kind of were silent.
I was like, that's great,
that's perfect.
- I don't have a poker face,
so I channeled all that
strength into this hand...
She's making one
of the biggest mistakes
of her life.
- Yep.
[tender music]
♪ ♪
- What did you
think of the dinner?
- It was great.
I'm so happy that we
all could have sat down
at the table,
put all the drama to the side,
and really vented out
how we felt.
- But I'm also glad
that Alyssa and Chris
spoke about it
in front of everybody.
And I know that wasn't
easy for them
to have that conversation.
- Man, with Chris
pouring his heart out
to everybody at the table,
yo, that [bleep]
was powerful.
That [bleep] was one of the
most powerful things
I saw in real life.
- I can't keep putting
myself out there unless
I get something
that's not zero back.
- Listen to what
he's saying to you.
Listen! Stop just thinking
with your eyes.
Listen!
This is what you wanted.
You want love?
That's what love is,
somebody sacrificing,
putting his life on the line,
embarrassing himself
in front of everybody,
just to make you
happy to know
where his heart is!
How can you not feel
for the man?
I just--dude,
my heart hit the floor
and came back in my chest, dude.
I love that it was said
in front of everybody because
not everybody can
get out of their marriage.
Step back.
They already said
what they had to say.
They already came to agreement
that they will have
their own discussion
when time is right.
- Mm-hmm.
- ♪ Think you know,
but you don't know ♪
♪ Just passing judgment ♪
♪ ♪
♪ You only see
just what I show ♪
♪ Check
your assumptions ♪
- I didn't know
that you were thinking
about basically
sharing the apartment,
sort of,
one month versus another.
Why do you think that that
is the best solution for us?
- Well, it's not about it
being the best solution.
I just know
that I want to be part
of this experience
and this experiment.
So for me,
I want to be able to move
into that apartment
for that experience
and to participate
with the group.
♪ ♪
And I think that experience is
very important for both of us.
- I am either
in this to be married
for the rest of my life,
or I am out.
The last couple of days,
Alyssa is starting
to use
the word "experience."
And I think that is a strong
indicator of her motives.
She wants to enjoy
the experience
but doesn't want
to go through the process.
I think the language
tells the story.
♪ ♪
Can I ask you a few questions
about your thoughts
coming into the whole thing,
like, pre-ever meeting me?
- Sure.
♪ ♪
- Do you feel like,
coming into this process,
you were prepared to adjust
for somebody who wasn't perfect?
- Yeah, I can definitely--
I never thought that they were
going to match me with somebody
that was 1,000% perfect,
but I think there's a lot
of differences that two
people wouldn't change on.
- Have you brought
any of those up to me,
in your opinion,
and asked me whether or not
I'd be willing
to change any of those things?
- Yeah, there's
definitely things that,
you know,
we've talked about and been
brought up on differences
and things like that.
- Like what?
- Um...
♪ ♪
Um...
Right now, mentally,
I am not able to sit here
and have this conversation
that you want to have,
but I am going to have
that conversation with you.
♪ ♪
- When do you think we'll
finally have that conversation?
- Well, I mean,
we leave tomorrow,
so probably, um, I don't know,
next week, I assume.
♪ ♪
- She has yet again said
she will answer the question
about whether or not
she's in this,
but she will not do it
in front of people
and she
will not do it on camera.
The problem is, she will
not do it off camera either.
When did you quit on it, tap
out, say "Not gonna happen?"
- Well, I'm not quitting,
because I'm here right now so--
- On the experiment,
the other people,
and the other couples.
But I'm talking about me.
- And I'm telling you
that I had a chance
to leave yesterday,
and I did not go.
- Are you saying that there's
still a potential for this?
- Okay, I--I think
I made it very clear,
as did everyone else
at the dinner table tonight,
that that is something that
I'm not willing to just sit
here and give you an answer for
because that
wouldn't be fair to me.
I understand
that you're frustrated,
but, like, I'm also frustrated.
And I think you need
to remember that we're both
in the same situation
right now, right?
- I don't think we're
both in the same situation.
Um...
- [scoffs]
♪ ♪
- [sighs]
If this doesn't have
any chance whatsoever,
I would much
rather hear that you
genuinely think
we're not compatible,
and therefore have
no interest in trying.
And then,
if you want the apartment
for two months,
knock yourself out.
♪ ♪
I'm in this
because I was looking
for someone to spend
the rest of my life with.
- Correct, as was I.
- Fair, and therefore,
I'm going to act accordingly.
Unless you can tell me
that there's
any sliver of a chance--
- But I'm going
to stop you 'cause I'm not
going to tell
you that right now.
- If you are not going
to tell me that
after the amount of time
that we've spent together--
- I have already told you,
and it's not fair or respectful
that you keep asking me
the same thing when I'm telling
you I cannot sit here and tell
you that answer right now.
And I don't like it when you
continuously try to poke me.
And I am at a place right now
where you are making me upset.
And so what's gonna happen is--
I don't like how
you're speaking to me,
I don't like the way
you are portraying
this conversation,
I don't like the way you
portrayed it
at the dinner table.
It's actually disgusting to me,
and so I'm going to get up,
and I'm going to be
done with this conversation
for tonight because I don't
like the way you talk to me.
♪ ♪
- I don't know...
No, I know that she
has no interest in this.
I know confidently that
she has no interest in this.
And if you want to go through
this process because you
have friends here, you want
to go through this process
because you enjoy
the experience,
if you want to go through
this process because you get
to live in a building
with a bunch of your friends,
I'm telling you
what I think is the truth.
- I already told you that I had
a chance to leave yesterday.
- Sure, you had the chance
to fly
away from Puerto Rico, whatever.
I think you create
a false dichotomy
that we're in a situation
whereby you somehow didn't know
what you were getting into
and are now in a position
where you have
to make a decision.
- I did know what I was getting
into, and this isn't fair.
And this is why I have
a very hard time being calm
and having
an adult conversation:
because I always feel
like it goes to the same place.
- I'm in a position where,
while on camera
and in many situations,
she has said that she needs
more time to make a decision.
I believe that she
is still here,
not for the right reasons.
- Okay,
and that's why I'm telling you
that that's not fair.
And I'm not
going to stand for that.
I'm here for the right reasons,
and that is not okay.
This is my character,
and this is the person that I'm
going to be shown as,
and that's not okay
because I'm a really
[bleep] good person.
And I came here
with the right intentions.
And if I didn't
have the right intentions,
then I wouldn't have gone
through this process.
I would never, ever,
in a million [bleep] years
let my family and friends
be subjected to this
if I wasn't here
for the right reasons.
So I will not stand here
and have someone try
to assassinate my character
and say that I'm not here
for the right reasons,
because that isn't fair.
- Not a single person
has said "keep going."
- That is--that is it.
Thank you so much.
♪ ♪
- I wish that she would say
how she really feels
and take the consequences
of those feelings and opinions.
♪ ♪
♪ This is our day,
I'm finding my way ♪
♪ Shine like a star,
♪ ♪
- Good morning.
- How'd you sl
- Good.
How did you sleep?
- I don't want to go.
- [laughs]
- Most of our couples
have enjoyed
the last few days
in a Caribbean paradise
getting acquainted
with their new spouses.
♪ ♪
- Oh, it's so bright.
- Oh.
- Good morning.
I'm gonna miss the weather.
- Yeah.
- And probably the piña coladas.
♪ ♪
- But now it's time
for our newlyweds
to head back to Boston.
- Cheese!
I feel like Steve
and I connected so well
and we learned
so much about each other,
so I'm sad to be leaving
San Juan,
but I'm excited to start
our new journey together
as a wedded couple
that survived our honeymoon.
[chuckles]
- Their return
to the real world comes
with a new set of stressors
and challenges
that they'll need to conquer
if they want to build
a successful marriage.
- What do you have
on your walls at home?
- I have a lot of quotes.
- Oh no, you're not--
Are you kidding me?
- Like,
not like a lot, but like--
- Did you hear me at
the wedding when I said,
"Are you a
'live, laugh, love' sign
kind of guy,
because I hope not"?
- I don't even know
what that is.
- Like, that means like
there's always the moms
who go to HomeGoods
or something,
and they buy these signs
that say...
- Oh, no, no, no.
- "Be positive,
hang in there, love, family."
- No, I don't have, like,
a Hallmark store my kitchen.
- That's what
I'm concerned about.
The honeymoon's over,
and I can't wait
to get back home,
where it's just going
to be my husband and I,
and we can focus on ourselves
and our goals and our future,
because that's
what I'm here for.
- I think normalcy
will be good for us.
- You're not
going back and having
an easy 48 hours.
Let's just be very clear.
I want to get my husband
out of his crappy
landlord situation.
I said to him,
"The universe is telling you
"to get the hell out of there.
You're coming with me,
sans bedbugs."
We're gonna remove
that stress from our life,
and I'm looking forward
to, like,
TV nights and him
cooking me burgers.
- I think we can get
through Monday.
I think it'll just be
a tiring 48 hours.
- Good thing you
have such a great wife.
[both laugh]
- Are you
nervous about anything?
Going home?
- I am nervous that, like,
maybe we start living together
and then that's
when we see, like,
"Okay, I don't like that."
But I feel like
we get along fine,
that that won't be the case.
But, yes, that is in my mind.
He has a very strong mind,
and he's opinionated,
and he doesn't care what
you say or what people think.
So best-case scenario
is that we move in together,
we get along
and have zero arguments.
Worst-case scenario is that we
move in together
and he feels like I'm not
the one for him
and I feel like
he's not the one for me.
- I'm 90--
Like 98% that we'll
be smooth when we go back.
But there's a little 2%
that's like--it worries me.
♪ ♪
People get distracted,
and they change, and all that.
I don't think you will.
- Mm-hmm.
- I just hope that we don't let
little [bleep]
like that impact us.
- Yeah, that's what
I was gonna say.
- When you're tired
at the end of the day,
still put effort
into this marriage.
- That's what I
was gonna say to you.
♪ ♪
Don't forget the conversations
that we've had here
about being patient
with each other.
- We'll be okay.
I love you.
You know.
I want you to know that.
- What is that?
- What the hell is this?
- Is that fish?
- Open yours.
- Oh, that's mine.
- Why--why is this my plate?
- We have had, like,
our ups and downs so far
on this honeymoon.
Every couple has
their differences.
I don't expect us to always
agree on things as long as,
you know, we're respecting
each other's differences.
But the most important thing
is communication.
Communication is
definitely something that we
still need to work on
in this marriage.
- My alarm goes off at 4:00.
Will that be an issue?
Would it help?
- That's funny?
- I'm just asking you, is
that gonna be an issue or what?
- Not--
Do you have that
alarm clock that go,
ehhh--ehhh--ehhh?
- Yeah.
♪ ♪
- Bye, Puerto Rico.
Vámonos!
- Take it easy, San Juan.
- I mean, we started
our marriage like this.
We have to end
the honeymoon like this.
- Say goodbye
to your little rose petals.
- Bye!
- I'm so sad.
- Ha, I'm so sad!
- I am!
That was so cute.
- Ready?
- Back to Boston,
leaving paradise,
back to reality, ugh...
- Okay.
♪ ♪
- If I could describe
my marriage in one word,
I would say it's a mess.
♪ ♪
- If I could send a message
to Alyssa right now,
it would be that,
while she might not think
that the experts gave her
what she was looking for,
I think that they gave me
what I was looking for.
♪ ♪
- I think working on this
is a very hard thing to do.
- I did everything
I could to make it work
in the ways that I can control.
♪ ♪
- ♪ Hold my head above
the surface ♪
♪ Keep breathin' ♪
- I don't know what
is supposed to happen with us.
Like, this isn't my fault.
I've put in a lot of time
and effort and work to be here.
I know I'm a good person.
And if you don't like me,
then that's your loss.
♪ ♪
- Next time
on "Married at First Sight"...
- This is home.
- Oh my gosh, it's so cute!
There's a part of me
that's nervous
about living with
someone that I barely know.
- Have you ever lived
with a woman?
- No, never.
- I didn't know
you had a girl roommate.
- Yeah.
- I'm annoyed with Mike.
This is the first time
that I'm hearing
about him having
a female roommate.
- They got all
the pots and pans and stuff.
- Man, so you
really got no excuse.
When you going shopping?
- He's made it very clear
that he wants
home-cooked meals,
consistently, every single day.
- Mark's life has
pretty much blown up,
hanging on by a thread,
if I'm being honest.
I'm having a really
hard time with you, Mark.
I feel like I'm getting
two different versions of you.
- I mean,
it just scares me a little bit.
Like, I don't want my kids
to worry about money.
- You've been aggressive,
you've been yelling,
and I'm trying not
to get to that point.
- She has no interest
in being married to me.
- So are you
saying you want a divorce?
♪ ♪
- [pops lips]